---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "interfaces-v1alpha1_breakout_list Data Source - interfaces-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# interfaces-v1alpha1_breakout_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) Breakout allows for the configuration of interface breakouts on specified Nodes. This resource specifies the Nodes, parent Interfaces, the number of breakout channels, and the speed of each channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BreakoutStatus defines the observed state of Breakout (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `channels` (Number) The number of breakout channels to create.
- `interface` (List of String) A list of normalized parent interface/port.
- `node` (List of String) Reference to a list of TopoNodes where the parent interfaces are to be broken out.
- `node_selector` (List of String) TopoNode where the parent interfaces are to be broken out.
- `speed` (String) The speed of each breakout channel.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
