---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "interfaces-v1alpha1_breakout Data Source - interfaces-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# interfaces-v1alpha1_breakout (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the Breakout
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) Breakout allows for the configuration of interface breakouts on specified Nodes. This resource specifies the Nodes, parent Interfaces, the number of breakout channels, and the speed of each channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) BreakoutStatus defines the observed state of Breakout (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `channels` (Number) The number of breakout channels to create.
- `interface` (List of String) A list of normalized parent interface/port.
- `node` (List of String) Reference to a list of TopoNodes where the parent interfaces are to be broken out.
- `node_selector` (List of String) Label selector to select nodes on which to configure the breakout interfaces. Either Nodes or NodeSelector must have at least one value set.
- `speed` (String) The speed of each breakout channel.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
