---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "interfaces-v1alpha1_interface_state_list Data Source - interfaces-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# interfaces-v1alpha1_interface_state_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) InterfaceStateStatus defines the observed state of Interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `lag` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--lag))
- `members` (Attributes List) List of members on which to monitor state for (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--members))
- `role` (String) Role of this interface. This is used to calculate severity of alarms. [default="edge"]

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--lag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.lag`

Optional:

- `admin_key` (Number)
- `system_id_mac` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.members`

Optional:

- `aggregate_id` (String) LAG interface with which this interface is associated
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this member.
- `interface` (String) Normalized interface name
- `node` (String) Reference to the TopoNode on which this member resides
- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name, for example "ethernet-1/1", "1/1/c1/1"
- `operating_system` (String) The operating system of the TopoNode on which this member resides
- `version` (String) The version of the TopoNode on which this interface resides



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
