---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "interfaces-v1alpha1_interface Resource - interfaces-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# interfaces-v1alpha1_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Interface allows for the configuration of various interface properties such as enabling/disabling the interface, setting descriptions, specifying interface types (e.g., LAG, interface, loopback), configuring VLAN encapsulation, and setting Ethernet or LAG-specific options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the Interface
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `members` (Attributes List) List of members on which to apply properties, for single interface this would be a list of 1. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--members))

Optional:

- `ddm` (Boolean) Enables reporting of DDM events.
- `description` (String) Description of the interface.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the interface.
- `encap_type` (String) Enable or disable VLAN tagging on this interface. [default="null"]
- `ethernet` (Attributes) Ethernet configuration options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ethernet))
- `lag` (Attributes) LAG configuration options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--lag))
- `lldp` (Boolean) Enable or disable LLDP on the members of the interface.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU to apply on the interface(s).
- `type` (String) Type defines whether the interface is a Lag or Interface.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.members`

Required:

- `interface` (String) Reference to an interface in the normalized format. Ex: SRL ethernet-1/1 would be ethernet-1-1. SROS port 2/1/1 would be ethernet-2-1.
- `node` (String) Node name.

Optional:

- `aggregate_id` (String) When using a LAG, the aggregateId can be specified per set of interfaces on a node.
LAG interface with which this interface is associated.
- `description` (String) Description of the member, inherited from the interface if not provided.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this member.
- `lacp_port_priority` (Number) Configure the port priority for LACP. This value is used to determine which port should be activated with LACP fallback mode. Lower values are more preferred.[default=32768]


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ethernet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ethernet`

Optional:

- `crc_monitor` (Attributes) Configuration of CRC monitoring on the interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor))
- `fec` (String) Sets the Forward Error Correction (FEC) on the members of the interface.
- `hold_down_timer` (Number) The hold-time down behavior is triggered with events that try to bring the ethernet interface down and can change quickly. It is not triggered with an admin-state disable event or interface disable due to other internal reasons.  Units in milliseconds.
- `hold_up_timer` (Number) The hold-time up behavior is triggered with any event that tries to bring up the ethernet interface.  While the hold-time up is running, the transceiver laser will be enabled, however the higher layers will not be notified that the interface is operationally up until the timer expires.  Units in milliseconds.
- `loopback_mode` (String) Enable dataplane loopback on the interface.
- `reload_delay_timer` (Number) After the system boots, the reload-delay timer in seconds keeps an interface shut down with the laser off for a configured amount of time until connectivity with the rest of network is established.
- `speed` (String) The speed of this interface, in human-readable format - e.g. 25G, 100G.
- `standby_signaling` (String) Indicates the standby-signaling used in the interface.
- `storm_control` (Attributes) Enables storm control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ethernet--storm_control))
- `transparent_l2cp_protocols` (List of String) A list of L2CP protocols to tunnel. Options: LLDP, LACP, xSTP, Dot1x, PTP, All.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ethernet.crc_monitor`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables CRC monitoring on the interface.
- `signal_degrade` (Attributes) Signal degrade threshold configuration.
eda:ui:title="Signal Degrade" (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor--signal_degrade))
- `signal_failure` (Attributes) Signal failure threshold configuration.
eda:ui:title="Signal Failure" (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor--signal_failure))
- `window_size_sec` (Number) Sliding window size over which CRC errors are measured, in number of seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor--signal_degrade"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ethernet.crc_monitor.signal_degrade`

Required:

- `exponent` (Number) Threshold exponent for the signal degrade condition.
- `multiplier` (Number) Threshold multiplier for the signal degrade condition.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--ethernet--crc_monitor--signal_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ethernet.crc_monitor.signal_failure`

Required:

- `exponent` (Number) Threshold exponent for the signal failure condition.
- `multiplier` (Number) Threshold multiplier for the signal failure condition.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ethernet--storm_control"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ethernet.storm_control`

Optional:

- `broadcast_rate` (Number) Sets the maximum rate allowed for ingress broadcast frames on the interface.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables storm control.
- `multicast_rate` (Number) Sets the maximum rate allowed for ingress multicast frames on the interface.
- `units` (String) Set the units to be used for measurement.
- `unknown_unicast_rate` (Number) Sets the maximum rate allowed for ingress unknown unicast frames on the interface.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--lag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.lag`

Optional:

- `lacp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--lag--lacp))
- `min_links` (Number) The min-link threshold specifies the minimum number of member links that must be active in order for the LAG to be operationally up. If the number of active links falls below this threshold, the entire LAG is brought operationally down.[default=1]
- `multihoming` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--lag--multihoming))
- `type` (String) This type defines whether whether it is a static or LACP LAG. [default=lacp]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--lag--lacp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.lag.lacp`

Optional:

- `admin_key` (Number) Configure the LACP admin-key to be advertised by the local system.
- `interval` (String) Set the period between LACP messages, uses the lacp-period-type enumeration. [default="fast"]
- `lacp_fallback` (Attributes) LACP fallback allows one or more designated links of an LACP controlled LAG to go into forwarding mode if LACP is not yet operational after a configured timeout period. [default=disabled] (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--lag--lacp--lacp_fallback))
- `mode` (String) Active is to initiate the transmission of LACP PDUs. Passive is to wait for peer to initiate the transmission of LACP PDUs.[default="active"]
- `system_id_mac` (String) The MAC address portion of the Node's System ID. This is combined with the system priority to construct the 8-octet system-id.
- `system_priority` (Number) System priority used by the Node on this LAG interface. Lower value is higher priority for determining which Node is the controlling system.[default=32768]

<a id="nestedatt--spec--lag--lacp--lacp_fallback"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.lag.lacp.lacp_fallback`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Specifies lacp-fallback mode if enabled.
- `timeout` (Number) Specifies the LACP-fallback timeout interval in seconds. [default=60]



<a id="nestedatt--spec--lag--multihoming"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.lag.multihoming`

Optional:

- `esi` (String) 10 byte Ethernet Segment Identifier, if not set a type 0 ESI is generated. [default=auto]
- `mode` (String) "all-active": All interfaces are active.
"single-active": In a single active MH LAG, the active and standby function is handled at the sub-interface layer within a network-instance.  That is, the physical interfaces within the same LAG all remain operationally up, however each sub-interface associated with a network-instance has its operational state up or down based on whether it is selected to be the active or standby sub-interface.
"port-active": When port active MH LAG is enabled, the active and standby function is handled at the interface level.
- `preferred_active_node` (String) To be used in single-active or port-active modes.  This references the Node object and when set, the DF algorithm is configured to type preference and the selected Node is set with a higher preference value.  All other Nodes have a lower value configured.
- `reload_delay_timer` (Number) After the system boots, the reload-delay timer in seconds keeps an interface shut down with the laser off for a configured amount of time until connectivity with the rest of network is established. [default=100]
- `revertive` (Boolean) To be used in single-active or port-active modes.  When true, if there is a switch of active interface in the LAG and the original interface comes back up, the LAG will switch back to using the original interface as active. [default=false]




<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of the Interface.
- `lag` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--lag))
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this Interface last changed state.
- `members` (Attributes List) List of members in this Interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--members))
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of the Interface.
- `speed` (String) Indicates the operational speed of the Interface in aggregate.

<a id="nestedatt--status--lag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.lag`

Optional:

- `admin_key` (Number)
- `system_id_mac` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.members`

Required:

- `node_interface` (String) Node specific interface name, for example "ethernet-1/1", "1/1/c1/1".

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of this member.
- `interface` (String) The name of the interface in normalized format.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when this member last changed state.
- `neighbors` (Attributes List) List of discovered neighbors on this member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--members--neighbors))
- `node` (String) The node on which the interface is configured.
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of this member.
- `speed` (String) Indicates the operational speed of the member.

<a id="nestedatt--status--members--neighbors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.members.neighbors`

Optional:

- `interface` (String) The name of a neighbor interface of this member in node specific format.
- `node` (String) The name of a neighbor node of this member in node specific format.
